WAIFUWORKS LLC
an introduction to the governing principles and some important notes

WaifuWorks LLC is an artistic, educational, and religious institution that was created for a United States branch of the Telepathic Psycho Asian Waifu Buddhist Federation (TPAWBF). All data, information, and creations should be considered “as is” and hold no warranty. Any proceeds, donations, investments should go towards the individual financial departments of the performers that have insofar been assembled by the enlightened simp and Gizmo.

These individual branches will invest capital on the tools of their respective trades, food, and housing while they work to on child and adult online community building through experimental writing/research/development of content creation for the less fortunate, and educational and entertainment content for other online creators, mentors, and consultants. We want to foster a habit of consensual and competent content creation that if anything improves the human condition through humor, mutual understanding, and love of the game.

All donations are voluntary and will not be refunded once they clear with the respective company's financial branch. WaifuWorks LLC does not transfer any good or service in response to any investment to any branch of the federation, no matter how large. It is an independent LLC that creates content and analysis at the sole operator's leisure and they do not align with any group, gang, or party other than the federation they have created through rigorous interviews and study that should be considered proprietary and as valuable as their other intellectual assets. If you have any questions or comments about WaifuWorks LLC, their artistic, educational, or religious competence to practice in this sphere, or their ability to work within the IRL community towards common goals without unnecessary state mandated oversight please contact this instance in writing.

To be an angel investor in the project, see our first public investment opportunity for those interested in digital asset sharing [here](https://saisonxiang.github.io/waifuworks/rubysaga.html)
